4/8
  Today we finished Friday's assignment and began the next project.
  I'll be working with megan kokoris and we are using the mgc catalog to look for galaxies! 
  We are having some issues with the text file but we will sort that out

4/10
  BLACK HOLE DAY! We started looking at the black hole image released today and then discussed sacrificing a chicken to get our data. 
  Weird day tbh. Megan and I worked with our code, we ran into issues with the RA and DEC(apparently our data is ancient oops) but we got
  it to work out (I hope). Due to these issues, our code is on Megan's computer and I was working with her to write the code together.
  I looked at her screen and we tried different suggestions in our code. We spent most of the class troubleshooting
  
4/12
  This day's entry was deleted somehow, but I worked with troubleshooting my code and uploading an image of what it should look 
  like.
  
4/15
  May 20, first draft due, may 29, another draft due, june 7 final due
  For this research paper, I want to use ARCSAT to observe nearby galaxies and look for star formation. I will use the optical and H-alpha
  capabilities from the telescope and compare spiral and elliptical galaxies!
  
4/17
  Today we worked with fits stuff and my windows device could not open the files correctly.  Megan let me to work with her, and this 
  was OK'd by Meredith.
  
4/19
  Finishing up the FITS stuff. Drew a lovely diagram for class on how photons get to fits files. I turned in my project proposal and I am 
  extremely excited to get started. Friday Joke: How many ears does Captain Kirk have?  Three: The left ear, the right ear, and the final
  fronteir. (Please don't take points away I know its bad)
  
4/22
  Today we talked about CCDs. I learned we have to cool CCDs. Emission tubes are also really fun! We got to look at a bunch of gases
  and try and figure out what they are.
  
4/24
  I didn't realize Professor Tuttle was in friends!! (https://friends.fandom.com/wiki/Sarah_Tuttle) Today I compiled a list of objects I 
  could observe for my project. I have found different kinds of galaxies as well as some open and globular clusters to search for 
  star formation!
 
 4/26
  Today Meredith taught us some uses with pandas and data files.  
  Friday Joke: Orion's Belt is a big waist of space. (Terrible joke I know, I give it three stars)
  
 4/29
  Today we started the big CCD lab packet thing. I also got scheduled for Tuesday and Wednesday night for ARCSAT so I am excited
  to use the telescope and pull two all-nighters!!!!!

 5/1
  Today my group did the CCD lab. I observed at arcsat last night so I am pretty tired, and I observe again tonight! Got a great image
  of M51!

5/3
  Happy Friday! I had a blast working with ARCSAT this week. Thank you so much for the help and the opportunity. I worked on the
  ccd lab in class today, and will begin to analyze my fits images from ARCSAT. Friday Joke: I was up all night wondering where the sun
  went. Then it dawned on me.

5/6
  Monday: Discussed CCD terms, paper due in a week!! We did some math, I got it horribly wrong.
