Monday, April 15

8-10 page paper. analysis, observation. plots and codes. scientific paper- introduction with reference. rubric will be handed out. 1 paragraph outline, reference to literature. 1st draft due may 20th in class. bring few copies for peer review. may 29 is the second draft due date. june 3rd is for writing credit. final draft due on june 7th. measuring dust lane, modular clusters, multi band analysis, kepler transits. make a note in proposal if using arcsat.
read multiple times. abstract and conclusion first. ads is a search engine for astronomical papers. write a summary of what was read. know what the reference paper is about instead of just pulling out pertinent sentences. looking at the plot is a good place to start. araa - annual review of astronomy and astrophysics, to keep up with current events, and a good source of references.
location of arcsat. april 29 to may 11, objects that can be seen, with minimal airmass.

Wednesday, April 17

Since one of the assignment had us explore the UGC catalog by NASA, I thought it would be interesting to do some analysis on galaxies. In the optical realm, the first thing I can think of is the orbiting disc, where looking at an object edge-on, I can expect to see some red shift on one end and blue shift on the other.
Another object I thought about was binaries that involves something cool like a blackhole or neutron star. using the observation data to pick out this individual phenomenon seems interesting.
Lastly, while navigating randomly on the nasa website, I stumbled upon the ways that exoplanets are discovered. many technique involve studying data in the optical region. after sleeping on these three possible topics, i decided that finding exoplanets might be the most interesting.

Friday, April 19

the path of a photon: in class activity.. discussed with a partner on the journey of a photon from the source all the way to become translated into a fit file. initially, interstellar obstruction such as dusts and other objects can block the path of the photon. gravitational microlensing may alter photon path as well. when it finally arrives on earth, it is reflected off mirrors and eventually absorbed into a detector. a detector such as a ccd, creates a electron in response to absorbing a photon. lastly, the computer counts and organizes the electron and stores the information into a fit file.
good place for references: arxiv.org, astrophysics data system
